() Object ID
Every creature, every item and every feature have their own unique (in the scope of a level) ID numbers.
The minimal creature ID is 0 and is reserved for player.
Maximum creature ID is not certainly defined and depends on how much creatures can a level contain.
The same is for items and features.
IDs are stored in tiles (instead of pointers to actual objects) and are indecies for level's arrays of object pointers;
In many fields IDs are used instead of pointers.




() Object type
Every creature (or item) has certain type.
A type is a certain number from the list of all types.
A type number serves as an index for an object table (in "data.h").




() Stats
Six major characteristics of all creatures, each of whiches has certain impact on certain processes.
There is no logic boundaries for a stat's range, but physically they are restricted from -128 to 127.




() Action points, AP
Action points (AP) represent a creature's speed.
If AP > 0, it shows how many actions can this creature do in one turn.
If AP < 0, it shows how many turns this creature requires to do one action.
Usually, most of creatures are able to commit one action per turn.
Notice: AP equal to -1 is the same as AP equal to 1.




() HP
There are two kinds of creature's hit points: general HP and limb HP (GHP, LHP).
LHP are hit points of a creature's limb, while GHP represent hit points of the whole body commonly.
Initially, GHP equals the sum of all creature's limbs' HP.
If GHP of a creature <= 0, then this creature dies.
If LHP of a limb <= 0, then this limb is either detached from the body or is just remained lifeless; if this limb was the last head or the last torso, then the creature dies.
Loss of LHP is substracted from GHP, but loss of GHP doesn't affect LHP at all.
GHP and LHP gradually restore themselves when the creature is in peace.
Also, GHP and LHP can be restored by some medical intervention.




() Satiety
Every creature needs food to gain energy.
If satiety <= 0, creature's strength, dexterity and constitution are halved.




() Metabolism
Represents how much is a creature's satiety decreased in a period of time.
If > 0, it shows in how many turns satiety decreases by 1.
If < 0, it shows how much satiety decreases per one turn.




() Sight distance
This shows how far can a creature see.
It is measured in the number of tiles the creature's sight passed through.




() Preference rate
This shows how much a creature desires some item.
There are no certain boundaries for this number.
It may be positive (creature wants it), zero (creature doesn't) and negative (creature wants to get rid of this thing)




() Weight
Is measured in kilograms.
When a creature picks up some item, (item's weight * item's number) is added to his lifted weight.
Every creature has limit of lifted weight, which is certained previously.
If a creature holds weight greater than the limit, this creature gets "Burden" effect.




() Item number
Item in Fogue not always is a single object, it also may be some stack of several things that have the same properties.
Such item takes a single slot in inventory like it's just one.
Not all items are allowed to be stacked.




() Condition
Weapons and armor are not eternally intact and after some time of usage fall into disrepair.
Condition is a number that shows how much is left for a weapon or armor to be finely used.
If condition <= 0, the weapon or armor is not fully destroyed and removed from the game, but becomes completely disadvantageous.




() Ranged break number
Shows how much does a ranged weapon lose its condition after shooting whith one missile.




() Nutrition
Represents how much a creature's satiety is increased after it eats this comestible item.
Notice that nutrition can also be < 0, then satiety is decreased instead.




() Shelf life
Food rots.
Shelf life shows how much turns are left before this food is considered rotten.
After this number becomes <= 0, the item gets special effect which is defined previously.




() Effect time
Shows how many turns left before an effect is gone.
When it == 0, the effect finishes.
If it == -1, the effect is considered eternal.
